docs: Update Data field type docs (#291)
frappe/erpnext_documentation: erpnext_documentation/www/docs/user/manual/en/customize-erpnext/articles/field-types.md

#### Data

The data field will be a simple text field. It allows you to enter a value of up to 140 characters, making this the most generic field type.

You can enable validations for the following types of data:

1. Name
2. Email
3. Phone
4. URL

> by setting the options to "Name", "Email", "Phone" or "URL" respectively in Settings > DocType.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do this by setting the option value to "Name", "Email", "Phone" or "URL" respectively in Settings > DocType.
```
